JAMES-3261 Migrate all docker images to JIB (#466)
apache/james-project: server/container/guice/jpa-smtp/src/main/extensions-jars/README.md

The jar in this folder will be added to JAMES classpath when mounted under /root/extensions-jars inside the running container.

> You can use it to add you customs Mailets/Matchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use it to add your custom Mailets/Matchers.
```
